.TH DUNGEONBASHRC 5 2009-09-19 "Martin Read" "Martin's Dungeon Bash User Manual"

.SH NAME

dungeonbashrc \- configuration file for Martin's Dungeon Bash

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B $(HOME)/.dungeonbashrc

.SH DESCRIPTION

The dungeonbashrc file (usually stored as $(HOME)/.dungeonbashrc) contains per-user configuration data for Martin's Dungeon Bash.

.SH SYNTAX

Each line of a dungeonbashrc file should use the following format:

varname = value

(Whitespace around the equals sign is optional, and leading whitespace is discarded.)

Any lines not conforming to this format are discarded by the parser.

.SH VALID PARAMETERS

The following parameters are valid in a dungeonbashrc file:

name - [string] specifies the default name for the player character.

language - [string] specifies a preferred output language; if the requested language is not available, British English will be used instead.

profession - [string] specifies the profession which the player wishes to play.

preferred_display - [string] specifies the preferred user interface; at present only the tty interface using ncurses is supported.

suppress_boringfail - [boolean] suppresses output of failure messages officially decreed boring.

suppress_fluff - [boolean] suppresses output of messages officially decreed to be fluff (these messages do nothing important).

suppress_taunt - [boolean] suppresses output of messages officially decreed to be mere taunts (these messages do nothing important).

suppress_numeric - [boolean] suppresses output of messages conveying numerical information e.g. amount of damage taken on a hit.

suppress_mon_alert - [boolean] suppresses output of messages warning that a monster has noticed your presence.

name_prompt - [boolean] prompts the player to specify a name. If the "name" option has not been configured, this option is always regarded as enabled.

save_on_stairs - [boolean] updates the player's save file after every level transition.

levelup_wait - [boolean] prompts the player to press SPACE/ENTER after the player character gains a level.

save_wait - [boolean] prompts the player to press SPACE/ENTER before exiting after using the "save" command.

reload_wait - [boolean] prompts the player to press SPACE/ENTER before resuming play after loading a saved game.

nightmare_mode - [boolean] monsters can be generated in the first room of the first level of the first dungeon, and all monsters are "smart".

inventory_colours - [boolean] enables colouring of item name text according to the internal "quality" rating of that type of item.

run_delay - [integer] number of milliseconds to wait between steps when the player character is "running".

projectile_delay - [integer] number of milliseconds to wait between steps when animating a projectile.

.SH "SEE ALSO"

dungeonbash(6)

.SH AUTHOR

Martin's Dungeon Bash, and this manual page, were written by Martin Read <mpread@chiark.greenend.org.uk>

